Previously on
"Resident Alien"...
Harry can't date that bird.
He should be saving the Earth.
The portal is fixed, yeah?
We are moving
to her home planet.
Some people find
chips in their skin
that aliens use
as a tracking device.
What do we got here, Deputy?
Someone found it
near the bus stop.
I'll go through it
and see who it belongs to.
You will never know
a love like Heather and I.
We do not keep secrets
from one another
like humans do.
You are gonna help us
get Harry's alien DNA.
You will leave the planet,
and you will never
see him again.
What the hell is that?
After discovering
the Greys' plan
to change
the Earth's atmosphere,
I have devised
a plan of my own.
I am building a bomb that can
destroy the Greys' spaceship.
And then their stupid,
beautiful hybrids
will be stuck here
and have to get jobs
as personal trainers
and sideline reporters.
Uh-oh.
Something is wrong.
My blood sugar is
dangerously low.
Once the general has the bomb,
she can finish the mission,
and I can embark
on my new one--
leaving the planet
and spending
the rest of my life
with Heather.
Good morning, my beautiful
bird of paradise.
Mm.
Can I make you
a nice breakfast, hmm?
I have a bowl
of worms and insects.
Or there is also still one
aquatic invertebrate
in the fridge.
Oh, that's OK.
I'm--I'm not really hungry.
OK.
Well, I could, uh, chew it up.
Regurgitate it
back in your mouth.
That's really sweet,
but no, thanks.
I think that I--
I didn't really sleep well.
Your human bed is not
as comfortable as the nest
you made me at the hotel.
Then I will make you
a new nest today.
I will go into town,
and I will gather twigs
and string and some hair.
No, Harry, you've already
done too much.
I want to do something for you.
A wing job?
Something even better.
First, I need you to change.
Your gills definitely
needed a cleaning.
There's more
where that came from.
You like this?
Yes, I do.
Oh, it is so nice
to find someone
you can be yourself with.
Just leave everything
out in the open.
No secrets.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
My love,
your head is bobbing.
Oh.
Is there something
on your mind?
Weird.
Uh, no.
Nothing at all.
Definitely nothing to hide.
That's for sure.
You can go harder.
I like the pain.
Oh.
We might need a safe word.
- Hey.
What are you doing out here?
I worked late, so...
I got tired on my way home,
pulled over.
My house isn't
on your way home.
You got me.
I just came by to make sure
you're doing OK.
And you slept out here?
I mean, how did you even
use the bathroom?
Wait.
Is this about the alien stuff
that you said the other night?
Aliens?
That's crazy.
No, I just--
checking up on you.
If that keeps aliens away,
then great.
I was not abducted by aliens,
so you need to go home
before Kate comes out
and starts asking questions.
- Fine.
Hey, would you toss
my water bottle for me?
Did you piss in it?
You know I did.
Pretty full.
Smells like pee-pee.
Would you throw it out,
yes or no?
- No.
- Give it a toss.
It's full of urine.
Really?
It's just pee.
Love ya.
Huh. Lovely.
There you are.
Tell me you did not spend
another night
guarding Ben and Kate's house.
Yeah, but he caught me,
so can't do that again.
Tonight I'll have to bring binoculars
and park up the street,
watch from there.
What's the plan here?
Let's say you witness
an abduction.
How exactly are you
gonna stop it?
Baseball bat.
I've seen pictures of Greys
on the internet.
Their long necks,
their heads are
just right in my strike zone.
Not to complain,
but would it kill Jay
to wash a dish once in a while?
That sounds like complaining.
I know.
She's your daughter,
and that actually
explains why she doesn't clean.
But her stuff is everywhere.
Pullout couch, always open.
Oh, my raspberry yogurt's
gone again.
Big surprise.
- You finished that yesterday.
- Yeah.
Because I knew if I didn't,
Jay would eat it.
Fine.
I'll buy you more yogurt
and clean.
Happy?
No.
Jay should be doing that.
Look, things are really good
between Jay and I right now,
and I don't want
to rock the boat.
Besides, we have
bigger things to worry about,
like how to keep Harry
from leaving with Heather.
Jay seems like
the least of our--
Sup, fam?
You're out of milk, FYI.
Jay's the least of our--
you were saying?
Leave me alone.
Nothing like
a good gill excavation
to make you feel new again.
What can I do to thank you?
You don't need to thank me.
I don't deserve it.
You deserve everything.
That is why
I will finish this bomb,
so that we can leave
and we can never look back.
I cannot wait to see
your planet.
Will your friends accept
that you are dating
an un-winged alien?
Let's not talk
about the future.
Let's just--let's just talk
about the present
because it's so special.
You know, I think that's
why they call it the present,
'cause it's a present.
That reminds me,
I wrote you a--a new poem.
You did?
I love your poems.
But don't read it to me.
Stop right there
and do not read it,
because I'm gonna
take this out,
and if I don't come right back,
that's just because
I ran out to get cigarettes.
But you do not even smoke.
I love that you try new things.
This must be
what true love is like.
When your lover leaves,
you feel like
you will never see them again.
And the sound of her tires
peeling out of my driveway,
I can tell she is in a hurry
to come back to me.
Here you go, Debra.
Morning, Sheriff.
Hey, Deputy.
Hey, do you ever
get the feeling like--
like you're being followed?
Right now comes to mind.
Last night,
I felt someone following me.
So this morning,
I changed up my route,
but I think that son of a bitch
Joseph is still on my tail.
You know what this means,
don't you?
We're on the right track
with our investigation.
Our investigation? No.
I told you, when I get
involved, people get hurt.
I'm done.
What?
I thought you just needed time.
I don't need time.
I need distance.
Taking time helps you see
things more clearly, Deputy.
Hey, you know, Cletus peed
in my bed once, right?
Now, I got mad,
but did I get rid of him?
No.
I took some time to reflect
and find the right move.
So then I went and peed
in his little doggy bed,
and I said to him,
"Now, how do you like it now?"
That's how he learns.
They pee on you,
you pee on them.
I'm not gonna
rub his nose in it.
That'd just be cruel.
Not more cruel than me
listening to this story.
Hey.
Uh, I need to talk to you guys
about something.
I have had some complaints
regarding
the Sheriff's Department.
I told you
it was a terrible idea
to put up that suggestion box.
Yes, I got that from the note
you put in the suggestion box
telling me to take down
the suggestion box.
It seems certain constituents
aren't happy
about their taxpayer dollars
being wasted investigating
alien-related matters.
Taxpayers shouldn't
have a say
in how their tax dollars
are spent.
That's anarchy.
Well, some people
call it democracy.
Exactly.
This is a free country.
People can look for aliens
if they want,
or search the forest
for fairies,
even if they only find
a small frog
living in an old shotgun shell.
You said certain people
are lodging complaints.
I want to know who.
I am not at liberty to say.
Hi, Sheriff.
Nana.
Thank you, Mayor,
for our little talk.
Oh, come on, Liv.
How do you expect people
to take you seriously
with that crease
in your britches?
Ugh.
She's right.
I do have a crease.
How did she see that?
Sheriff, I'd like to see you
in my office.
Mm.
All right, Sheriff,
have a... seat.
I asked to see you
in my office.
No, you said
you'd like to see me
in your office.
And I don't blame you.
Hell, I'm a statue
of masculinity.
If I was in your office,
you'd probably walk in
every morning and say, "Damn,
now, that's what I want to be."
If you were a statue
in my office,
I'd hang my jacket on you.
I'd want you to,
because I'd be made
out of metal, and I'd be cold.
See?
Even as a statue man,
I still get what I want.
OK, here's the thing.
You and Liv have been
seen around town
snooping in plain clothes,
investigating something.
Not to mention, you know,
how you practically begged me
for a new deputy,
but now he's gone,
and you haven't even
replaced him?
What is going on?
Why are you being so secretive?
Why are you being
so inquisitive?
Because I have
a right to know.
This is my town.
- Oh, really?
You obviously don't know
how towns work.
You ever see a Western?
It's the sheriff that says,
"You're in my town now,"
not the mayor.
Do you drive a car
that has "mayor" written on it?
Yes, I do.
- You do?
- Yes.
Sometimes when it's dirty,
Max writes "mayor"
in the window,
and that's mayor,
as in "may your...
"town, if it is in trouble,
I will be the one to fix it."
You may have the word "sheriff"
on your car door,
but the name "Hawthorne"
is printed
on the soul of this town.
Right.
Like that poison creek.
Forget about the creek.
That's being renamed.
I don't know why
you're being like this.
You know, we used to be
like partners.
We were never partners.
We operate under
a split form of government,
like Madagascar or East Timor,
with two leaders
sharing separate powers, OK?
Now, if you don't mind,
I got work to do.
Humans thrive on forming
connections to each other.
But when that connection
is broken,
it makes them feel untethered.
They do not like that.
That is how I am
starting to feel.
Heather has been gone
for two hours,
and all I can think of is,
what if she is hurt?
What if she has been plucked
and stuffed into a pillow
or cozy lightweight jacket?
Hello.
Oh.
Thank you.
"Harry, if you're
reading this,
"then you've met
my friend Arlo.
I'm leaving the planet
without you."
No.
"Don't look for me.
"And please give Arlo
some cereal,
if you don't mind."
This cannot be.
♪ One is
the loneliest number ♪
"How do I know
this is really you?
Also, I am out of cereal."
♪ Two can be as bad as one
♪ It's the loneliest number
OK, there you go.
♪ Since the number one
Oh, so fast.
You're back.
♪ No is the saddest
experience ♪
"Yes, it's really me.
"Who else would send
a note by pigeon?
PS, Arlo also enjoys
a nice cracker."
"Why?
"What has happened?
"Also, Arlo would not
eat my crackers.
They were the pepper kind."
♪ One is
the loneliest number ♪
♪ One is the loneliest
number ♪
♪ Number that you'll ever do
Heather.
We can't keep doing
the notes.
It's not fair to Arlo.
He's freakin' exhausted.
My love, you came back.
No, Harry, it's over.
What?
But why?
Because I don't love you.
I never did.
No.
I don't believe you. Ah! Ow.
Why? Ow.
I think my heart is stopping.
It's not.
Hearts are the only thing
in the universe
that work even after
they break.
It's the thing that sucks
about hearts.
How do you know that?
Is it because your heart
is breaking too?
No.
My heart's fine.
Feels great.
Well, you cannot
take our love.
It is not just yours.
It is also mine.
I'm sorry, I have to go.
No, wait, I--
I have a--a poem to read you.
You have to listen.
It is titled
"Forever Together."
"Boy, I just
can't stop smiling."
No, I can't do this.
I cannot do this.
Good--
Good what?
"Good"?
"Goodness, I love you."
"Good thing I was joking."
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Huh?
"Bye."
"Goodbye."
Why?
Got you, son of a bitch.
Wait, you're not Joseph.
I--I'm Troy.
Troy?
Whoa.
Are you Lena's son?
I was just curious.
I wanted to see the guy
my mom was dating.
Come on, son.
You can't be
following people around
in the dark, all right?
It's dangerous.
And you can relax.
We're not dating.
We're just colleagues.
She doesn't talk about
her other colleagues
the way she talks about you.
She talks about me?
I overheard her
telling my Aunt Naya
you don't like her
paying for stuff?
I don't get it.
What's wrong with her paying?
Look, I appreciate
that you're here
to protect your mom, all right?
But this is grown man stuff.
You wouldn't understand.
It's complicated.
No, it's not.
From now on,
you stay away from her.
OK, well, she's already
staying away from me.
Why wouldn't she?
You made her cry.
What kind of a man are you?
Harry?
I got a text saying
you want to die,
followed by an emoji
of a skull,
then a noose, then a gun.
Yeah.
And then a knife and a casket.
Then for some reason, a church?
That was a mistake.
It was supposed to be a sword.
What's going on?
Heather left me.
Yes.
Yes, she did.
And that is awful.
She's gone.
It's over.
Now my life is over.
Oh, I'm so sorry, Harry.
Do not lie.
You're happy.
The red-haired one
is trying not to smile.
It seems like you know
my name by now.
OK.
Look, we did try
to break you guys up,
but it didn't work.
- Right.
So maybe it's just you.
Is that helping?
I...
You're wrong.
Heather loved me.
I loved her.
I don't know what happened.
Sometimes there is
no explanation.
Oh.
Hey.
You just need to get your mind
off her, you know.
Stay busy.
Focus on
your little project here.
Huh, what is it?
Some kind of alien bird feeder?
- It's a bomb.
- A bomb, you say.
What's that now?
I built it
for the general to use
on the Greys
after I left with Heather.
OK.
Well, saving the Earth,
that's something to live for.
I don't care about the Earth.
This place sucks.
I hate it here!
Uh!
Hey, Greys!
Come and take this Earth!
I don't want it!
You can have it!
Hey, take this stupid plant!
I don't want it!
You can have it!
Take this stupid chair!
Huh?
I don't care anymore!
- OK.
- Take me!
I want to die!
OK, will you come back
in here, please?
Maybe you'll feel better
if you eat something.
We got you a pizza.
I do not care
about your pizza.
I hate the Earth,
and I hate you.
Whoa!
That is not how I taught you
to behave.
Asta worked hard to pay
for that pizza, young man.
You will get your butt
out here and eat it.
I don't care, and I hate you!
I hate you more!
You know,
for the first time in my life,
I feel like I have
what it takes to be a mother.
I finally met Lena's son.
He's been tailing me.
He wanted to see
who his mom was dating.
Wanna talk about it?
Nah.
There's nothing to talk about.
She said we're colleagues,
but then I find out
she's been crying
over the breakup.
Seems like you want
to talk about it.
No, no.
This is our quiet time.
Quiet time.
You know,
maybe it's my destiny,
you know, to be alone.
OK.
Let's talk about it.
Her kid's right.
What kind of man
has somebody special
then just--
just pushes her away?
The kind of man
that lost his mom
when he was young
and raised by his father.
You got attached to these
notions of masculinity.
So take it easy on yourself.
It's not your fault.
Now can we fish?
You're the one
who wanted to talk.
He was serious about leaving.
This thing has
all the instructions
on what to do with this bomb.
Well, anything productive
is on hold for a bit.
He just asked
if men can be nuns.
Probably for the best.
I don't know if I want him
handling a bomb right now.
I am so tired of playing
parent to this alien child.
It's enough to do it at home.
Yeah.
What?
Nothing.
You're just not really
doing it at home.
I told you, Jay and I
are in a good place.
I don't want to ruin that.
- Right.
You're afraid to piss off
the teenager who lives with us
and eats my yogurt,
so now I have no yogurt.
I am not afraid.
Yes, you are.
You're afraid
you're gonna lose her.
And you're aiding
and abetting her.
Aiding and abetting?
What, is yogurt-eating
a felony now?
No, it's just,
you're trying to be
her friend instead of just
being a responsible adult.
If I'm so irresponsible,
why do you come running to me
every time you're in trouble?
Because you let me,
which might be
how this whole problem got
started, if I'm being honest.
Oh, oh, OK.
So I've ruined you
because I'm there for you
when you need me?
No, you're there for me
when it suits you,
when it makes you feel
better about yourself,
like Harry said.
Thank you.
Tell me one time
that I was not there for you.
Oh, I don't know,
maybe when you drove me insane
by keeping
a life-altering secret from me
for a year and a half?
Oh, really? This again?
What was I supposed to do,
tell you the new doctor
is an alien?
Yes!
I'm supposed to be
your best friend,
but you couldn't
share that with me.
Why?
I'm not getting into this.
Well, we're in it.
Let's just drop it, please.
I don't want to drop it.
I want to know why.
Because you're
a loose cannon,
and I didn't know
if I could trust you.
Is that what you want to hear?
You are so impulsive,
I just knew that
you would tell someone.
That's bullshit.
You didn't want to tell me
because Harry
dropping down to Earth
was a godsend for you.
Just you.
Secret little baby
you found on your doorstep,
another one for your
menagerie of the needy.
You told Ben that
he was getting abducted
when I told you not to.
You did it anyway
because you don't listen
because you make everything
about yourself.
I do not.
How do I make everything
about myself?
Tell me. I want to know.
A lot of "I's" and "me's"
in that denial.
I told Ben
because real friends
don't keep huge secrets
from each other.
You told Ben
because you feel guilty,
and so you made everything
about you.
OK, fine. Fine.
I make everything about me.
But you make everything
about you
by saying it's not about you
because you're a martyr.
I'd rather be a martyr
than a loose cannon.
Well, that is exactly
what a martyr would say.
- Loose cannon.
- Martyr.
Pretend I'm not here.
Why are you here?
I came to see
how you're doing.
Were you getting dressed?
Undressed?
Or is this just how it is now?
Would you ask a woman that?
Your friend Asta
contacted me.
Said you're a mess
and can't work.
Now, I don't know
the first thing
about how to console
a lovesick alien,
but I heard about
your chicken girlfriend
or whatever she was.
So...
What the hell is that?
The guy said
her name is Patricia.
I thought maybe
she could help you
get over your girlfriend.
No judgment.
Everyone has their thing.
I am offended that you think
you can replace
the love of my life
with just some random bird.
No offense.
This has nothing
to do with you.
You're very attractive.
Do whatever you need.
Just finish that bomb.
And don't fall in love.
She's a rental.
Don't worry, we don't
have to do anything.
We can just talk.
And even though I've never
had a UFO encounter myself,
I'm here
to support my daughter,
because I love her.
I love you too, Mom.
Oh, baby.
OK.
Thank you for sharing, Dorothy.
So this is where
all the crazies meet.
I expected there'd be
more padding on the walls.
- Hi.
- You came.
Yeah.
I was in the neighborhood,
so I figured I might as well.
You're new.
You want to tell us
a little about yourself
and why you're here?
Oh, me? No.
Um, I'm--I'm not here
to participate.
I'm--I'm just here to watch.
We don't get
a lot of watchers here.
Well, I--I haven't
experienced anything.
I mean, I--
I've been seeing this owl
outside my window.
But it's not a big deal.
I mean,
this is Colorado, right?
There are owls.
14 varieties, actually.
I--I looked it up online.
So, you know, no, I--
I think I'm good.
Except, um, I'm not--
I'm not good.
I'm...
I used to like where I live.
But now--I mean,
I love our--our home, but...
But I don't feel safe there.
I mean, I--I even--
I even tried to convince
my husband to sell our house.
But I--I think
it's bigger than that.
Like, I think
I'm not safe anywhere.
And I just feel like
I'm going crazy.
Oh, am I allowed to use
that word in here?
You're not crazy.
I've had a similar experience.
At first, the owls
didn't seem odd,
but then it just
kept happening.
I even put our house up
on the market.
And then one day,
I'm in the shower,
and I find this tiny bump
behind my knee
that I'd never noticed.
So I did some research,
and I realized
it's maybe a chip
they implanted in me,
and that people
all over the world
have been having
similar experiences.
Are you OK?
I don't know.
Does he have any idea
you were taking his DNA?
No.
I feel terrible, though.
I love him.
Oh, that's sweet.
You love your niece?
My knees?
You're gonna break my knees?
Niece.
Your niece, your sister's kid.
- OK.
Well, you could have
just said my sister.
I love her too.
Oh, snap.
Niece and knees,
very different.
How so?
Niece is a little girl
or a city in France.
I don't break knees.
I'm here on the scene,
watching Asta's boyfriend
and Harry's girlfriend
having a rendezvous.
Both of them sound like
my sister's girl child.
You have a niece
called knees?
Yeah. She's my niece.
How are we losing
to you people?
Shift reports
for you to sign.
Everything OK, Deputy?
You got your sad face on.
Really?
I have a sad face?
I'll give you a tip.
Here, put this pencil
in your mouth.
Sideways.
There you go.
You feel your smile muscles
stretching out?
See, when you're sad,
you fool your body
into thinking you're happy,
then you feel happy.
How long does it take?
Uh, seven minutes.
Of course, I'm a pro,
so I did it in three
using that very same pencil.
So tell me, Deputy,
what's got you down?
I went to one
of my meetings today.
And this woman, Linda,
brought her mom.
She just came
to support her daughter.
I never had
that kind of support,
and I probably never will.
Mm.
You know what?
Take a seat, Deputy.
I--I want to tell you
a story about this guy.
Is this guy you?
Uh, doesn't matter.
Anyway, there's
this really handsome guy
that smells really good, right?
And he lost his mother
in his teens.
Now, his father--
- Lewis?
Can I finish telling you
the story about this guy?
- Yeah.
- OK, so his--his father,
he may have pushed
his notions of masculinity
on this guy
a little too hard, right?
And maybe if this guy would
have confronted his issues
earlier in life,
he wouldn't have
let his ego get the best of him
and pushed away
a perfectly good woman.
Is the woman Lena Torres?
Let's call her Meena Flores.
OK, look, my point is,
we're shaped by the people
who raise us.
And the people around you
weren't very supportive.
In fact, they actively
held you down.
Now, you are
the strongest person I know,
except when you're around
your Grandma Patty.
You need to stand up to her.
I can't.
She's mean and gives
deceptively powerful noogies.
Well, what if I told you
I knew a guy who'd go with you
and give you all the support
you've never had?
Is this guy you?
Ha!
You finally figured it out.
♪ Took a vacay from
♪ The ways
that you're used to ♪
♪ It's a new day
to find a way to a new you ♪
♪ I'm really not sure what
you thought I signed up for ♪
♪ Skip the encore,
I've had enough ♪
♪ I don't need more
I'll give you
a lesson sometime.
Been trying
to get ahold of you,
but I see you were busy.
Dude, the snow was awesome.
You should have come with us.
Yeah, it must be nice
to take off work on a whim.
So impulsive, you know?
OK.
So what, you have a problem
with me snowboarding now?
Nope.
Where is Harry?
I don't know.
Last time I saw him,
I was with you.
Well, I went to the cabin,
and he isn't there.
All I found was a giant bird
who isn't Heather.
He definitely has a type.
OK.
Why are you looking for him?
Judy saw Joseph
talking to Heather.
What? Where?
I'm here on the scene,
watching--
Ignore the--
she had a filter on.
I can't hear
what they're saying.
What the hell?
Is the bird a spy
for the Greys?
We have to find Harry
and tell him.
I know where he goes
when he gets depressed.
Thanks for taking us
up the mountain, Steve.
Yeah, no problem.
I've gotta do a flyby
of the south peak anyway.
I think you and I have
to come clear it on Saturday.
Cool.
Avalanche control
is important, right?
Hey, are you concerned at all
that I'm some kind
of loose cannon
and that I'll go
up there with you
and just push you
off the mountain?
Um, no.
Ah.
So you don't think
I'm a loose cannon.
So you trust me. Interesting.
Steve, don't you think
it's weird for someone
to give you shit for spending
time with your daughter?
I don't have a daughter.
Yeah, but don't you think,
after everything
you've been through,
you've earned the right
to hang out with her?
You know,
be a little more carefree.
Hey, Steve, do you think
painting the bathroom
a combination
of mauve and vomit
makes bath time enjoyable?
Steve, would you buy
a tiny coffee table
that's so small, it won't even
hold coffee table books?
We don't have
coffee table books.
Because the coffee table
is too small.
Oh, my God. I--
I can't knock.
I'm too nervous.
This always happens
when I come here.
It's OK.
You just got yourself
a little case of "shy-knuckle."
I'll be with you the whole way.
Go ahead, make a fist.
Ow.
I think they're
bleeding a little.
Liv. Sheriff.
What's going on?
I wanted to talk to you
about something.
And you couldn't just
send me an email?
Why did I bother
learning the internet
if you're just going
to show up in person?
All right, come in.
Wipe your feet.
It's not a flophouse.
Well, what is it?
You know
all that stuff you say
about my hair and my face
and pretty much
everything about me?
Yeah.
It--it feels kind of mean.
But it's probably
not your fault,
because I know your generation
has had it hard
with wars and everything,
and um,
I know you were born
in Great-grandpop's hay wagon.
Oh, you wanted to apologize.
OK, fine.
I forgive you.
Is that it?
- Yep.
Uh, wasn't there, uh--
wasn't there something else?
Ay-yi-yi.
OK, I admit,
I stole your
deviled egg recipe, Nana,
but it's only because
I admire your cooking,
and I admired you.
I wanted to be like you,
but then you trash-talked me
to the whole family.
And now you've said
all those awful things
about me in the town paper.
Why would you do that?
I just told the truth.
I always do.
Oh, really?
Well, I can do
some truth-telling too.
Oh.
Grandmothers are
supposed to be nice
and smell like cookies,
but you are cruel and vicious,
and you smell like vinegar.
And not that sweet balsamic
stuff that you dip bread in,
but that British
french fry vinegar.
OK, you're getting
a little off track.
Little girls
are supposed to be happy
to see their grandmas,
but I always dreaded it,
because you made me feel
small and worthless,
and I still feel that way,
but I'm not going to anymore,
because you're the one
who's small,
and you're the one
who's worthless.
Dial it back a little bit.
You are an old, angry
piece of---- -------,
and you can take that------ deviled egg----
and whip up some------ recipe
and-------
jam up it up your----------!
OK, all right.
That's enough.
No, no, no.
I'm just getting started.
She's faking it.
Gary said she'll be OK.
It's just a minor heart attack.
I mean, she looked pale
when we showed up,
so she was probably already
pre-heart attacking.
Thanks.
Also, I told Garrett
she's delusional.
So no one will believe
her side of the story.
I like living
in a small town.
Yeah.
You get your recipes?
Thanks for picking the lock.
Let's go.
We were never here.
No way.
♪ If I could be,
baby, where you are ♪
♪ Then I would know
♪ Baby, what you know
Told you he'd be here.
♪ Just to be, baby,
where you are ♪
What are you two doing here?
Heather's working
with Joseph.
It is bad enough
that she is gone.
Now you are spreading lies
about the woman
that I used to love
and now wish was dead.
It's not a lie, Harry.
Judy saw Heather
give Joseph a trash bag.
Do you know why?
Was it a blue trash bag?
Yeah.
She cleaned my gills
and put the gunk in there.
Do you know why she'd want
to give that stuff to Joseph?
My DNA.
They want to clone me.
They have my alien ball.
They're trying
to manipulate it.
But I gave it to Robert,
the alien tracker's son.
If the Greys kidnapped him,
then they have the ball.
You have reception here?
How?
It's very easy.
You just go into settings.
It will prompt you.
"Would you like to harness
the mountain
"to use as your own
personal cell tower
because you're
a brilliant alien?"
And you just push "yes."
So funny.
Hello, son.
It is Harry, your new father.
Uh, not the dead one.
Uh, how are you?
Are you still on Earth?
Yeah.
I'm at the malt shop
with the fellas.
The Greys have the ball.
What are they
gonna do with it?
Our technology is all
hydrogen-based.
It helps us manipulate water.
But if the Greys can do it,
they can speed up
their plans for the cavern
at Yellowstone.
Wait, so they could destroy
the Earth any time now?
Worse.
The love of my life
did not just leave me.
She betrayed me.
Love is like a lifeline
that tethers an astronaut
to his ship.
If that line is cut,
you are lost.
That is how I feel,
cut off from the only love
I will ever know.
When the connection to what
we believe and trust is lost,
it is like the air
that we breathe is gone.
D'Arcy,
let's just talk, please?
♪ Images of you
♪ It's constant torture
♪ But I don't know
what else to do ♪
And then being connected
becomes a matter of survival.
♪ Only those big black
buzzards ask how I've been ♪
♪ Ain't you proud
♪ Oh, oh, hey
♪ She was a blue avian
♪ Now we are apart
♪ I hope that
there's a giant wolf ♪
♪ That will rip out
her dead heart ♪
♪ There is no love
♪ I can't believe it
♪ But it's true
♪ It's true
♪ And I'm angry
♪ I'm angry, I'm angry,
I'm angry, I'm angry ♪
What the hell?
♪ Made for you
and looks so fine ♪
So what brings you
to this neck of the woods?
♪ That's the way
it will always be ♪
I'm here to kill my father.
♪ Oh, remember
every day you find ♪
♪ You got a little trouble
on your mind ♪
♪ You'll find me near
'cause I'll always be ♪
♪ Just for you
and you for me ♪